Coursera: Intro to Machine Learning
Stanford/Andrew NG (Baidu CTO) 

L1:
=====
Arthur Samuel (1959)
Machine learning: "Field of study that gives computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed"
Samuels wrote a checkers playing program
Had the program play 10000 games against itself
Work out which board positions were good and bad depending on wins/losses

Tom Michel (1999)
Well posed learning problem: "A computer program is said to learn from experience E with respect to some class of tasks T and performance measure P, if its performance at tasks in T, as measured by P, improves with experience E."
The checkers example, 
E = 10000s games
T is playing checkers
P if you win or not

L2:
=====
So we have our hypothesis function and we have a way of measuring how accurate it is. Now what we need is a way to automatically improve our hypothesis function. That's where gradient descent comes in.

Imagine that we graph our hypothesis function based on its fields θ0 and θ1 (actually we are graphing the cost function for the combinations of parameters). This can be kind of confusing; we are moving up to a higher level of abstraction. We are not graphing x and y itself, but the guesses of our hypothesis function.

We put θ0 on the x axis and θ1 on the z axis, with the cost function on the vertical y axis. The points on our graph will be the result of the cost function using our hypothesis with those specific theta parameters.

We will know that we have succeeded when our cost function is at the very bottom of the pits in our graph, i.e. when its value is the minimum.

The way we do this is by taking the derivative (the line tangent to a function) of our cost function. The slope of the tangent is the derivative at that point and it will give us a direction to move towards. We make steps down that derivative by the parameter α, called the learning rate.

Week 2 (multivariable regression)
------
L4:  Mean Normalization (subtract mean) and unitization (divide by std dev) May want to get everything into -1 to +1 range (approximately)
Want to avoid large ranges, small ranges or very different ranges from one another
Rule a thumb regarding acceptable ranges
-3 to +3 is generally fine - any bigger bad
-1/3 to +1/3 is ok - any smaller bad 
Can do mean normalization
Take a feature xi
Replace it by (xi - mean)/max
So your values all have an average of about 0