Hi Doug,

This is your last chance to register for the free
training with Sharla Jacobs today on: "How to Get Clients
to Commit to Working with You (without being pushy or
sales-y)."

Reserve your spot NOW:
www.clientattractionsummit.com/johneggen

In this super-valuable, FREE training Sharla will reveal
the art of turning half of the no's into "YES" in a
graceful and honoring way that gets you amazing, committed
clients who get great results and refer friends.

Here's what else you'll discover:

The 3 magic questions to ask when a potential client
says,  "I can't afford it"
5 steps to get underneath the money concern and
find out what's really going on
Why you can't "overcome objections" and what to
do instead so clients say YES
The turning point that took Sharla and Jesse from
struggling to get clients to making millions
How to stop squirming and instead embrace the money
conversation
The simple 5-step system for filling your practice with
high-quality clients you LOVE
And more
Register now and you'll benefit from it for the rest of
your professional life!

www.clientattractionsummit.com/johneggen

Kindly,

John
--
John Eggen
Publisher, Mission Publishing
President, The Mission Marketing Mentors, Inc.

P.S. -- If you're ready to know exactly what to say that
will turn half of the people who say "I can't afford it"
into "YES" then this call is a MUST. Your resulting new
clients will be grateful that you learned these skills.

www.clientattractionsummit.com/johneggen

P.P.S.S. -- This call will be recorded and you'll get
access to the replay if you can't make it live.


Regional Office:
1824 Oak Creek Drive, Suite 414
Palo Alto, CA 94304
Telephone: 650-321-1306
http://www.MissionMarketingMentors.com

Copyright (c) 2013. Mission Publishing, a division of The Mission Marketing Mentors, Inc. All rights reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced in any form without prior written permission from Mission Publishing, a division of The Mission Marketing Mentors, Inc.

FTC DISCLOSURE: Any products, programs, or personal
recommendations made by us in this email for others will
likely result in some form of compensation to us.

DISCLAIMER: We strive to accurately represent our program
and its potential. The kind of results you may receive
from our program, however, depend on many factors,
including your dedication, motivation, desire,
persistence, skills and background, as well as many
factors outside our control, such as economic and market
conditions. The testimonials provided in this email are
intended to give you an idea of what some of our members
have achieved but are not necessarily representative, nor
are they intended to guarantee that anyone will achieve
the same or similar results. The facts and figures in this
email are believed to be true and accurate, but have not
been verified and cannot be guaranteed as accurate or
current. Nothing in this email should be construed as or
relied upon as specific advice for you or your business.
Always use your own judgment, and get the advice of
independent professionals to find the right strategies for
your business and your particular situation.


If you no longer wish to receive communication from us:
Cancel

To update your contact information:
Update
